dad when we gonna be a family again
a boy searching for a future I'd say
when the Angels win the pennant and
Williams and Norton collide and the
crash is blow a coach running from his
past are you cracking up or is this a
repeat of sin cement no no it's nothing
like that and a team that's their only
prayer there's a thing called Talent
they don't have it God
if there is a god maybe you could help
win a little I really really like
Oh
you do that touring just came out of the
sky and they picked up in Williams great
a psycho kid all oh please don't drink
just call me ow
no one can see me or anybody you do you
believe in angels
I must have been to eat dogs are you
before we go further do see something
don't you need some kind of signal I'll
go like that okay
Thanks
you believe there's real angels I know
it sounds crazy I'm relieving you of
your management responsibilities
somewhere between losing hope can't go
through life thinking everyone you meet
will one day let you down and finding
the courage you can call it angels I
won't play for anyone but George Knox
you can call it faith that goes for me
too
you can call it whatever you like they
gave the world something to believe in I
got nothing left got angel with you
right now
Danny Glover
Tony Danza even though you can't see us
and Christopher Lloyd we're always
watching
his knees angels in the outfield